So let's get started with our first react app.
The first thing we're going to build is this application called Monster's roll attacks.
It's a web app that has these cards that have monsters in them.
And these cards have a name and an email and then there's also this search box that we can use to filter
out the monsters by what we type in now through building this application.
We are going to understand the basics of what react does how to write react code and also some of the
fundamental things we need to understand when building an application and react before we get started.
We're going to use a tool called Create react app create react app is a tool that was built by Facebook
to help developers get started with building react projects very quickly.
The reason for this tool is because react is actually written in a version of JavaScript that is further
along than the version of JavaScript that our browsers understand.
So there are actually these two tools called Babel and web pack that take the react code that we write
and convert them into that older version of JavaScript and HD email that our browser is able to understand.
Now the Facebook team understood that it would be a lot of work for new developers in order to learn
REACT TO LEARN ALL THIS CONFIGURATION regarding web pack and Babel if they just want to write react.
Then there should be a quick way just to start writing a react project.
So this tool helps us spin up a project that already has all this configuration done for us.
Now later on in the course I will definitely show you guys how create react app works under the hood.
I'm going to show you some of the web pack and some of the Babel.
So you understand how to do it yourself but right now I just want us to start learning react now in
order to use this tool.
We see that we got a call NPM create react app and then the name of our application in our command line
so before we begin we got to make sure we're using the latest version of node.
So if we check the node Web site we'll see that the latest stable recommended version is ten point one
five point three.
So let's go to our terminal and I use end VM so I'm gonna call envy them install ten point one five
point three and end VM will install this version of node and then we're gonna use it and VM use ten
point one five point three.
Now we're going to call what we saw earlier NDP X create react app monster's Rolodex
now create react app is now building out our project and setting up the files.
The Web hack the Babel all the stuff we need so that we can start using react right away and after this
project gets built let's C.D. into it and then let's see what create react app gives us.